now you have to go so when you finish up
looking for
make sure your fingers your knuckles are
the first thing before it was a song
from ghost Magnus raid I'm a chef from
London England
I've got a restaurant called legs hey
i'm nick murphy and I make music where
I'm so baking a fish today so we're
going to go to sneaky snapper in here
he's he's a cool guy you're looking for
like a good position to market you just
look for the girls and they should have
a nice separation that's gonna happen on
most dead fish but ideally that kind of
pull apart like that the reason was sold
by making it is because it's pretty
decent sized fish if we check out any
often SAT there for like like an hour
bit more you're going to end up with
like bits of it that really dry with
this you like just creating another oven
and then it's like a choice
we went to the garden before we pick
some herbes because sometimes they know
i'm going to bunch of wood sorrow got
these slots these tomatoes from the
garden will go capers what you're gonna
go in with these tomorrow's United
re-upping it's going to be just enough
so like positive just feel you know
obviously so we actually probably don't
need that much but make sure it's all
broken up from the clamps using rock
salt because little soul disappear and
what kind of become like a pace then we
want to do is just separate some egg
whites in hbo's just want to break up a
white and then you just kind of tossing
it into what you just kind of happened
you want to find what i do that we'll
get it looks satisfied use your finger
good for skin as well right
I don't know like you know when you're
the beach and the ultimate sand castle
stands like that stop 20 yeah that's
what you're going for care this to be
one of the 20th times I've cooked I
throw a house party once when I was like
17 and I tried to cook ramen and goes on
it's the store like it see it so I'm
going to make a little bit for the fella
just eyeball of what I'll do it is it
goes from there to the inside of his
tail and do that in just Pat it down
nice and moist we're gonna put it on his
little bit there you go little fellow
you rest up the nice little salt bit
he's a good-looking fish we need
stuffing knowledge so from the garden we
got this panel family really good for
fish is nice and fragrant his legs are
bringing their any fucking rocket car
and to be honest like any herbs or like
whatever you want to put any any names
any hurt
whatever herb's cups and chauhan bit of
onion in there for the city haven't
taken the scales off because they kind
of work as a little barrier between
assault so the soldiers only fucking
eating it and making it gross and cover
them up
see you later little fellow
so it's gonna go in the oven now get the
door yeah oh yeah this one here and
we're gonna check in the middle because
that's the most even temperature
theoretically and I've never used this
before so we're gonna do like just a
master i did tomorrow's salad which is
pretty much just like some nice
to-mah-toes with some onion from the God
and we got these little sorry fella so
taste like granny smith apple skins
they're gonna dress the salad because
we're doing simples we're just gonna get
this olive oil a bit of a whole salmon
vinegar
we're just gonna get our hands in there
and mess it up a bit and you can see
that's already getting like this you see
this like liquid in the bottom of it
that's important
let's get these fish out of the oven
it's time haha smells fucking do it will
just take the leadership and you open it
up you have a look and see that that
soaked through
I'm gonna crack it to get like drawn
back to the afternoon to ya that's done
yes yeah the long are you digging out
there we go then we want to just kind of
slide them under their you want the
table to Papa war haha that's hot fish
all of these well because it the scales
are still on what we want to do is you
just want to cut down to where you would
imagine the bind to be then you can just
kind of peel that skin back
that's satisfying the scales help as a
little trick is get that tomorrow water
and just kind of check that that over
the guy
yeah that's real good up here yeah good
beaten is my breakfast
pretty much that's amazing so young for
the recipe click the link below the next
return